docs: Document new functional API (#2282)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-java: docs/core/logging.md

## Basic Usage

You can use Powertools for AWS Lambda Logging with either the `@Logging` annotation or the functional API:

> === "@Logging annotation"

Author: We will keep the annotations as a supported way and plan to keep it in the future. The AspectJ dependency for implementing the annotations might be something to revisit for our roadmap 2026.

    }
    ```

> === "Functional API"

Reviewer: Check the comment above.

`clearState` is based on `MDC.clear()`. State clearing is automatically done at the end of the execution of the handler if set to `true`.

???+ tip
    When using the functional API with `PowertoolsLogging.withLogging()`, state is automatically cleared at the end of execution, so you don't need to manage it manually.

## Logging incoming event

> When debugging in non-production environments, you can log the incoming event using the `@Logging` annotation with `logEvent` param, via `POWERTOOLS_LOGGER_LOG_EVENT` env var, or manually with the functional API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When debugging in non-production environments, you can log the incoming event using the `@Logging` annotation with the `logEvent` parameter, via `POWERTOOLS_LOGGER_LOG_EVENT` environment variable, or manually with the functional API.
```
